* This doc typed on 8 Feb 1998

A. GBox

A.1 Construction

  1.1 At construction time, the parent and size must be specified, but
placement is done at a later stage.
  1.2 The caller is responsible for calling the GBParent's newchild().

A.2 Placement

  2.1 GBoxes are positioned through their GBParent's placechildren().
  2.2 To resize a GBox at a later stage, use its resize(). This does NOT
force the parent to re-layout it, or its siblings. After a batch of resize()
calls, YOU must call the GBParent's placechildren().
  2.3 The only way to move a GBox, is to call its parent's losechild(), and
then call newchild with new positioning. Any siblings that were placed
relative to this child, will however be undepend()-ed.

A.3 Destruction

  3.1 On destruction, GBox calls its parent's losechild(), so all siblings
are properly undepend()ed.

A.4 Redrawing

  4.1 No automatic redraw is forced by placechildren().
  4.2 To force a redraw, call draw().
  4.3 Automatic redrawing will not work if there's no TopBox as grandparent.

A.5 Focus and selection

  5.1 Keyboard focus means that a GBox will receive key() events before any
other GBox. If a GBox has keyboard focus, then so does its parent, and
its parent's parent, etc, but NO OTHER GBox has focus at the same time.
  5.2 Keyboard focus is offered by the parent through offerfocus(). To accept
the offer, call takefocus() and return true.
  5.3 Keyboard focus may be voluntarily released through losefocus(). This
may cause the parent to call offerfocus() immediately. Do not accept focus
just after you've released it. This confuses the user.
  5.4 The parent may reclaim focus (eg for a sibling) through 
forcedlosefocus().
  5.5 Being selected doesn't give any similar priviliges. Selection may not
be unique, if an ancestor has its sharedsel flag true. Otherwise, the
process of gaining and losing selection is as for focus.

A.6 Key events
  6.1 Key events are offered first to the focus GBox, and then to all others
in reverse creation order, until one key() handler returns true, or a GBox
with popup status is encountered.

A.7 Mouse, motion, enterleave
  7.1 Mouse events are passed through mouse().
  7.2 All-button release is marked by a special mouse(0,0,pt) call.
  7.3 You will never receive a mouse() call before receiving an
enterleave(true,xxx) call, or after an enterleave(false,xxx) call.
  7.4 If you want to be told about mouse-button-release even if the mouse
has left your window (eg for a popup menu), call claimmouse().
  7.4.1 You may only call claimmouse() in direct response to a mouse() call,
and you must return true from this mouse() call.
  7.4.2 You may call relmouse() to give up your special status. Otherwise,
you will lose it as soon as all buttons are released.

A.3 Warnings: see GBParent

B. GBParent

B.1 Placement of children

  1.1 Children's placement is defined though newchild(), and executed through
placechildren().
  1.2 The positions of each of the four edges of a child may be defined
relative to a sibling or to the parent.
  1.3 If both left and right, (or top and bottom) edges are specified, the
child is part of a `chain'. A chain is a list of one or more children that
fill up a space (ends determined by parent or siblings). If this space is
fixed, the margins between each chain element is scaled to fit. If it is
variable - as in the case of an autoresizing parent - the size of the chain
determines the size of the environment.
  1.4 A child is placeable if it is fixed to the parent, or to other placeable
children. A chain is placeable if both of its edges are placeable.
  1.5 Children are checked for placeability iteratively. If at some point
no more children are placeable, an exception is thrown. Note that placeability
in the horizontal and vertical directions is completely independent.

B.2 Warnings

When a parent is dying, it checks all its children for killability. If any
non-killable children remain, an exception is thrown.

C. TopBox

B.1 Deregistration of handlers

  1.1 It's OK for poll and sync handlers to dereg themselves during the call.

B.2 Self-destruction of children

  2.1 Children must not destruct themselves while threaded through any of
their handlers: TopBox does not like children dying while it is tending them.
  2.2 To self-destruct from a handler, request a callback from TEnv.
