Notes regarding the use of GBox and its descendants
---------------------------------------------------

(This doc typed on 30 Oct 1997)

1. About positioning

  1.1. Creating a GBox causes it to calculate its position as
specified in the GBArgs argument. No other GBoxes are repositioned.
  1.1.1. Note that the first GBox on a list is constructed differently
from 2ndaries: its top-left corner is positioned relative to the
top-left corner of its parent. These distances are afterwards used as
margins for the entire chain, see 1.2.
  1.2. To reposition a chain of GBoxes, call reposition() on its first
member. The positioning of the first member as specified at
construction time is now used to reposition the entire chain: if a
2ndary GBox extends to the left of or above the 1st GBox, the entire
chain will be shifted to maintain its original margins.
  1.3. Calling reposition() on a GBParent causes its child-chain to be
repositioned as well. Ordinarily, the parent will then resize itself
to fit the child-chain. (This can mean either enlarging or shrinking.
In either case the margins are respected.)
  1.3.1. To prevent automatic resizing, call autoresize(0). To re-enable
it, call autoresize(1).
  1.4. To resize a GBox, call its resize() method. Unless the third
argument is false, this will cause the box and any other boxes further
down the chain to be repositioned.
  1.5. Note that neither reposition() nor resize() propagates
_upwards_ in the hierarchy: in general it will be necessary to call
reposition() on the (grand)parent after adding or removing some GBoxes
to a chain, or after explicit resize() calls.

2. About destruction

  2.1. Destructing a GBox decouples all GBoxes that are further down
the chain. This crudely ensures that no illegal GBox*'s are
dereferenced when repositioning.
  2.2. Whether destructing a parent causes destruction of its children
depends on a GLOBAL flag, which is initially false, but may be set or
unset via GBParent::destructchildren(bool). This should not be done
lightheartedly. In fact, it is probably best to decide very early in
program development which of the two possible protocols are used, and
then stick to it.
  2.2.1. If the above global flag is true, destruction will recurse
downwards as expected. Thus, a complete tree of GBoxes may be
destructed in one swift stroke.
  2.3. Children of a GBParent may be destructed explicitly by calling
dodestrch(). This recursively destructs grandchildren if and only if
the destructchildren flag is set. In many cases where recursive GBox
destruction is a bit too rough, dodestrch() may be very convenient.
  2.4. TopBox has a method letsquit(), which will cause it to self
destruct when first returning from a handler. Note that letsquit()
doesn't destruct the TopBox immediately, since it is unsafe to destruct
objects that are still threaded. TopBox has a virtual destructor, so
if you inherit from it, you may use this mechanism to do a clean
self destruct of a complete tree of GBoxes.

3. About redrawing

  3.1. No automatic redraw is forced by adding or removing GBoxes
to/from a chain or by calling reposition() or resize().
  3.2. To force a redraw, call draw(). This will cause a complete
redraw of a GBox and all of its children, if any.
  3.3. When a popup is removed, the TopBox will send a redraw request
to all of its children which have become (partially) uncovered.
  3.3.1. Note that no such action is taken at the creation time of the
popup.
  3.4. Please refer to the documentation of TEnv for further details.
  3.4.1. Note that redrawing by TEnv will only work for GBoxes which
have a TopBox as grandparent.

4. About polling

  4.1. Since polling every GBox indiscriminately would waste a lot of
time, you must call reg_poll() to request polls. They will be
delivered through poll(TTime&).
  4.2. Polls at the moment of VSYNC may be requested via reg_sync().
They will be delivered through sync(). In XWindows, VSYNC events are
simulated rather crudely. Please refer to the documentation of TEnv
for details.
  4.3. Special care has been taken to ensure that polls and syncs may
be (de)registered even from within poll/sync handlers.

5. About motion and enterleave

  5.1. You will never receive a mouse() call before receiving an
enterleave(true,xxx) call, or after an enterleave(false,xxx) call.
  5.2. This does NOT apply to a GBox (or more probably GBParent) that
is the toplevel (of a popup).
  5.3. The Point argument of motion() and enterleave() is guaranteed
to lie within your bbox, except in two cases:
  a. If you are the toplevel (of a popup).
  b. If the in_not_out argument of enterleave is false. (This is fairly
     obvious.)

6. About selection

  6.1. If you wish to become `selected' (eg on receipt of a particular
mouse() or enterleave(true,xxx) call), you should call claimselect()
  6.2. You may give up selection at any time without notifying anyone.
  6.3. You must be prepared to give up selection immediately on
receipt of a deselect() call.
  6.4. GBParents may decide that more than one of their children can
be simultaneously selected. You will be notified of this fact by
claimselect() returning false.
  6.5. key() calls will be offered first to any uniquely selected
GBox, and only then to all others.

7. About priority of keyboard handlers

  7.1. key() calls will be offered to all children of a GBParent in
order of construction, until one of them returns true.
  7.2. The only exception to this rule is when one of the children is
uniquely selected. This will give it priority.
  7.3. Only when all of the children have been offered the key() call,
and none of them has returned true, the parent will offer it to its
underlying GBox [which, in the present impl'n does nothing].
  7.4. To make this recursion work in a class derived from GBParent,
simply call the GBParent's key() before handling the key yourself.
  7.4.1. To avoid this recursion, simply do not call the GBParent's
key().

8. About mouse() calls

  8.1. If the pointer is in one of the children of a GBParent, any
mouse() call will be offered to that child.
  8.2. If that child's mouse handler returns false, it will be offered
to the GBox underlying the parent [which in the present impl'n does
nothing].
  8.3. You are guaranteed to receive an enterleave() call before
receiving a mouse() call. See section 5 above.
  8.4. Similar remarks about enabling/disabling recursion apply as for
keyboard handlers.

9. About synthetic events

  9.1. A GBox may send messages to any other GBox through the
synthetic event interface.
  9.2. To generate a synthetic event, call queue_synthetic() quoting
the intended recipient, and - if you wish - an integer code.
  9.3. Synthetic events are delivered asap through syntheticevent() by
the TopBox. (In the current implementation mouse, keyboard, motion,
leave, redraw and poll events cause TopBox to process the synthetic
event queue.)
  9.4. This seemingly overcomplicated interface was designed to ensure
that the sending GBox is not threaded at the moment the message is
delivered, which may be important as shown by example 9.5 below.
  9.5. An important use of synthetic messages is for a popup to notify
its creator of a selection. The creator may then destruct the popup
without fear of destroying information which may still be in use.

C. TopBox
Note: it's OK for poll and sync handlers to dereg themselves during the call.